Ultimately, when you 're soccer together
then just play here, forget all
where you come when the profits are youth
here together if you lose because
This part together sour was the power
it out
you have to get involved in the street
football buntkicktgut means his club
a 15 year old munich project
for children and adolescents
different cultures
the more colorful the better
the idea at work with
refugee football association already
Football is always the one step
football the base that's the football
that of kids adolescents and also
adult on the street on the
played on the backyards
It has become a system
develops and can become a system
develop as with us with rules
with own concepts with participation
the adolescent street photo then
All of Germany as a common language
in the cultural and linguistic
Barriers easier to dismantle
a nationwide network
Initiatives uses football for
Violence prevention and integration work
the special thing about buntkicktgut is that
ligasystem that the children and
Keep youths running
have to
whoever participates here learns for life
to be helpful even if someone
does not follow the dispute apart
go but tolerate it
talk and find a solution together
the young at buntkicktgut
They come from all nations of the world
organize street football together
championships like here in munich
give a joint football magazine
out and dance together after the
same music and of course they attack
even after football die in one
selection team a very targeted
talent promotion program even if
at one or the other star
show qualities
goal of german streetball projects
how colorful is it
living together of all cultures in
to train Germany and yourself
not too serious
looked black and on the water